Remove reference to pyls-flake8 in Readme (#215)
python-lsp/python-lsp-server: README.md

- `pycodestyle`: discovered in `~/.config/pycodestyle`, `setup.cfg`, `tox.ini` and `pycodestyle.cfg`.
- `flake8`: discovered in `~/.config/flake8`, `setup.cfg`, `tox.ini` and `flake8.cfg`

> The default configuration source is `pycodestyle`. If you would like to use flake8, you will need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default configuration sources are `pycodestyle` and `pyflakes`. If you would like to use `flake8`, you will need to:
```
